Docs 7695 pm 2.3 troubleshooting enhancements mc (#82)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshooting.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Anypoint Partner Manager makes use of or depends on several different MuleSoft technologies

Reviewer: "makes use of or depends on" is unnecessarily wordy:
```suggestion
Anypoint Partner Manager relies on several different MuleSoft technologies,
```

Author: Fixed.

> including but not limited to Mule, Anypoint Runtime Manager, Anypoint Secrets Manager, and your infrastructure for B2B storage payloads.

Reviewer: Regardless of what your Devs say, you *must* follow the style ref. and term list:

"secrets manager, the secrets manager
Not a title or product. Never refer to as secrets vault, CSM, or the Secrets Manager."

```suggestion
including but not limited to Mule runtime engine (Mule), Anypoint Runtime Manager, the secrets manager, and your infrastructure for B2B storage payloads.
```

Author: Fixed.

Because Anypoint Partner Manager is used with other technologies,

> troubleshooting an issue with Partner Manager often involves troubleshooting these other technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
troubleshooting an issue with Partner Manager often involves troubleshooting these other technologies as well.
```

Author: Fixed.

> Look for solutions here under the Configuration and Deployment, Connectivity or System, Data Processing error sections,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look for solutions in documentation about connectivity and related errors,
```

Author: Fixed.

> or use the topic links in the left navigation pane to locate troubleshooting information specific to either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or use documentation page's left navigation pane to locate troubleshooting information specific to either
```

Author: Fixed.
